.TH OPENARENA-SERVER "6" "October 2010" "openarena-server 0.8.8" "Games"

.SH NAME
openarena-server - OpenArena dedicated server

.SH SYNOPSIS
openarena [\fI\,-h|--help\/\fR] [\fI\,-q|--quiet\/\fR] [\fI\,+set option value\/\fR]...

.SH DESCRIPTION
openarena-server is the dedicated server for the first-person shooter OpenArena.
.PP
openarena is the client for the first-person shooter OpenArena.

.SH OPTIONS
The wrapper script used for OpenArena in Debian accepts these options:
.TP
\fB\/-h, --help\fR
Display a short help summary
.TP
\fB\/-q, --quiet\fR <num>
Disable all output
.PP
Any console command can also be prefixed with + and used as a command-line option (run the server in a terminal to use the console). The +set command is generally the most useful to use on the command line.
.PP
Options that can be set with +set (note that this is not a full list!) include:
.PP
capturelimit <value>
.PP
dedicated <bool>
.PP
fraglimit <value>
.PP
fs_basepath <string>
.PP
fs_game <value>
.PP
g_allowVote <bool>
.PP
g_banIPs <IP address>
.PP
g_doWarmup <bool>
.PP
g_friendlyFire <bool>
.PP
g_gametype <bool>
.PP
g_gravity <value>
.PP
g_inactivity <value>
.PP
g_maxGameClients <value>
.PP
g_motd <string>
.PP
g_needpass <bool>
.PP
g_password <string>
.PP
g_quadfactor <value>
.PP
g_weaponrespawn <value>
.PP
net_ip <IP adress>
.PP
net_port <value>
.PP
net_qport <value>
.PP
nextmap <string>
.PP
sv_allowDownload <bool>
.PP
sv_floodProtect <bool>
.PP
sv_fps <value>
.PP
sv_hostname <string>
.PP
sv_maxclients <value>
.PP
sv_maxPing <value> (Measurd in milliseconds)
.PP
sv_minPing <value> (Measurd in milliseconds)
.PP
sv_pure <bool>
.PP
timelimit <value> (Measured in minutes)

.SH ENVIRONMENT
The wrapper script used to launch OpenArena allows it to be debugged by setting environment variables.
.TP
OPENARENA_DEBUGGER=command
A debugger or other prefix to prepend to the OpenArena command line, such as strace; overridden by OPENARENA_BACKTRACE
.TP
OPENARENA_BACKTRACE=1
Use \fB\/gdb(1)\fR to get a backtrace if OpenArena crashes (the gdb package must be installed for this to work)

.SH SEE ALSO
\fB\/openarena\fR(6),\ /usr/share/doc/openarena-0.8.8-r2

.SH AUTHOR
OpenArena was written by the OpenArena Team. The engine used is a modified ioQuake3, originally created by id Software and now maintained by the ioQuake3 community.
.PP
This manual page was written by Bruno "Fuddl" Kleinert <fuddl@debian.org> and Simon McVittie <smcv@debian.org>, for the Debian project (but may be used by others).
